hi oh I haven't rehearsed this so it's
not gonna be well rehearsed it anyway
but it would appear that I have been
tagged by my white mates Aranea what's
up dude you know I'm probably gonna use
you as one of my characters and
earthbound but Oh more on that later
basically when I do birth belt I'm gonna
name my characters after for like you
guys or something I'll just have to pick
but anyway um do my CV dinner is done oh
that was bad timing anyway so basically
the idea behind this is you tell five
facts about yourself and I figure all as
long as I don't have a computer to do
the L feeds anyway I'm on a well dude
that's right I've already done this on
my own channel I don't even know what I
said on that one about myself so this
might be like more of the same so let me
see
I guess nomadically get started in fact
no more wine when I was in eighth grade
dang it I know yeah I wish I can edit
this and you know I hate not being able
to edit my videos it's like if he's
really stupid party anyway
like I said when I was in eighth grade
I tried to come up with a nickname for
myself everybody basically called me
Einstein because I was dealing math but
I wanted something else that was more
reflective I'm like so so I took it on
the street of notebook paper I don't
have the sheet today I wish I did but I
made this entire list I covered the
entire sheet of nicknames but the thing
is that every single one of the
nicknames had to have the wordings
Nintendo in it somewhere because I was
just a huge fan of Nintendo well today I
can only remember two of the names that
were on that list one of them was the
fire-breathing Nintendo one up yeah and
the other one was nintendo capri sun
which is what i don't you think now and
I just remember thinking when I looked
over that list later
I remember seeing nintendocaprisun on
there and thinking what a stupid
it was it's like who the hell are we
gonna call you nintendo capri sauna come
on man I remember thinking that and it's
a problem with it is it was so obvious
that it was one of those names you come
up with while you're looking around the
room and then you see if a priest on
there it's like oh okay
so that I remember thinking I don't know
remember thinking what a stupid name
that is what we doesn't intend Oh for
pretty some have nothing to do with each
other and you you just throw the two
together like they go long or something
mmm
I mean I never dreamed I actually get
used to that but that's where I got my
name so it's back to number two number
two is I'm kind of a jack-of-all-trades
but a master of none
I design video games I write movies I I
draw I make pictures I make short films
I juggle only do I have my stick around
here damn I wish I did I can actually
take one of these sticks and do like
this right here but I can do it like
really fast like what the dorama stick
and I'm like really good at but I'm just
there's all these things that I can do
really well but not well enough to do it
like for a living and so I actually
designed the whole RPG and the concept
behind it was that there were like two
versions of the world and one of them
was backwards from the other one like
literally backwards that the monsters
were a lot harder and then like the
final boss was our goal which is libros
spelled backwards this so stupid I'm
ignoring but anyway yeah so fact number
three and this chemical is what the
previous one fact number three is I am
extremely lazy I'm probably the laziest
person I know unless it's something that
really inspires me like video games I
don't really take that much a mission
to get out like I'm just waking up in
the morning it's like holy crap oh so I
know that's not a very interesting fact
but it isn't well it's it's it's
something so anyway the fact number four
God is this turning out terrible fact
number four is that I haven't grown up
I'm basically a 13 year old mentally I
think I still think that like burps and
farts are funny I still I still record
my farts I mean uh I know it sounds like
there's a part of me that can see that
objectively and say well boy that's
weird or boy that's you know juvenile or
something but well there's a part of me
that just thinks that turning into an
adult you know carries with it certain
burdens on which include you know a
willful relinquishing of free will or
something you know thirteen year old
talks like that I know but but being an
adult there's so much that you can't do
and the reality of it is that you
actually just won't do it because it
makes you look like a kid a tear like
see what stupid or something but I just
I don't want to be a part of that so I
just I've stayed I've stayed a kid
basically I having a serious
conversation is like really awkward for
me because I don't know what the hell
I'm doing anyway well okay so there's
that fact number five is that I have
never I'm 32 years old I've never seen a
dead body I've never seen anyone die
I've never seen anything even remotely
you know I could like someone with huge
injuries or something like in a car
accident I've seen all kinds of stuff on
TV but I've never actually seen someone
in peril before I've never seen anything
bad happen to anybody physically like it
beat up or stabbed I think I've been to
a hospital like three times in my life
and one time was for one of my sister's
babies one time was for my stepmom when
she was a detox that's a long story and
it's also one time was because my dad
was in the hospital because he tried to
kill himself my my wife is pretty messed
up
that was all a long time ago there's so
much that happened so long ago that I
don't think about anymore I don't know
if I'm talking loud announcer for the
yeah where to pick this all up so we
yeah you might be able to tell I have
kind of a problem with eye contact too
even just looking at a camera as weird
for me because should we know what I
forgot to turn off that light you're not
gonna be able to see me very well oh
well too bad
um yeah I think I can turn this office I
want this door too long so like it's not
supposed to tag five more people I have
no idea gonna tag so if I think of
anything I'll just put it in the in the
description box otherwise okay